
 The relationship between the SNN, RL, CNN, RNN, and GAN in the CARL system is one of interdependence and collaboration, in which each component plays a specific role in achieving 
 the overall goals of the system.

   (Reward Center)
 - The Reinforcement Learning (RL) aspect of CARL is responsible for learning and decision-making, optimizing and recalculating the weights of the other components based on the 
   system's goals and performance.


   (Visual Cortext && Memory Center)
 - The Convolutional Neural Network (CNN) and Recurrent Neural Network (RNN) components work together to process and analyze data, with the choice between the two being determined 
   by the RL.

   (Imagination)
 - The Generative Adversarial Network (GAN) component creates and manipulates data, providing inputs for the CNN/RNN to analyze and learn from.

   (Nervous System)
 - The Spiking Neural Network (SNN) component can also be incorporated into the CARL system to provide additional processing capabilities, influencing the RL and being controlled by 
   it in the decision-making process.

    

    SNN Inputs:
     - CNN -> SNN: to provide visual information for processing in the SNN
     - RNN -> SNN: to provide sequential information for processing in the SNN
     - RL  -> SNN: to provide decision-making information for processing in the SNN
     - GAN -> SNN: to provide generated information for processing in the SNN

    RL Inputs:
     - GAN -> RL: to learn how to improve the output of the GAN by adjusting its weights.
     - CNN -> RL: to make informed decisions and take actions in the environment. 
                    (image feature maps or object classifications about the state of the environment.)
     - RNN -> RL: to make informed decisions and take actions based on the history of events in the environment. 
                    (sequence representations or hidden states about the state of a sequential environment.)
     - SNN -> RL: to learn how to control the SNN and improve its performance.


The RL aspect of CARL would make a decision on whether to optimize and recalculate the weights for the GAN or the CNN/RNN branching based on a set of predefined criteria and rewards. 
This could be achieved through trial-and-error methods, where the RL algorithm would continuously evaluate different network configurations and learn from their outcomes to decide 
which one is the best. The criteria could include the accuracy of the network's predictions, the processing time required to make a prediction, the amount of data processed, and the 
overall efficiency of the system. The rewards could be based on the outcome of these criteria, and the RL algorithm would aim to maximize the reward, thereby optimizing the network's 
performance.

It is possible to incorporate a spiking neural network (SNN) into the CARL system for multi-model decision making, but it would require careful integration with the existing RL and 
GAN components. One approach would be to treat the SNN as another model that the RL system can choose between, in addition to the GAN and the CNN/RNN. The RL system would then make 
decisions based on the outputs of the SNN and make adjustments to the weights of all models as needed. To incorporate the SNN into the overall CARL protocol, the SNN's inputs and 
outputs would need to be integrated with the other components, such as the GAN, to ensure that all models are able to share and compare data effectively. The implementation details 
would depend on the specific requirements and goals of the system.

The SNN and GAN can work together within the CARL system by incorporating the output generated by the GAN as input to the SNN. The SNN can then process this input and generate spikes 
based on the received input. These spikes can be used to make decisions, and the output of the SNN can be fed into the reinforcement learning system, providing information about the 
desired goal, which can be used to optimize the weights of the network. The overall CARL protocol can use this integration to make decisions about which network to use for a specific 
task, based on the outputs of the SNN, GAN and RL system.

The integration of SNN with GAN and RNN/CNN branching in the CARL system could be complex and would require careful design and implementation. One approach could be to have the SNN 
as an additional branch that interacts with the GAN and the RNN/CNN, passing information and making decisions based on its own internal state and the outputs from the other branches.
The SNN could then influence the training process of the other branches and the overall decision-making of the RL system. However, it is important to keep in mind that this would be 
a complex and challenging task, and would require careful experimentation and validation to ensure that it results in the desired outcome.

The reinforcement learning (RL) aspect of the system could control the spiking neural network (SNN) by using a reward function that evaluates the performance of the SNN in achieving 
its goals. The RL algorithm would then use this reward signal to adjust its policy, which determines the actions taken by the SNN in response to inputs. This process is known as 
policy gradient methods and is a common approach in RL to control and optimize neural networks. In this way, the RL component can guide the SNN towards better performance by 
continuously updating its policy based on the rewards received for different SNN behavior.

The SNN and the RL can influence each other in a bidirectional manner. In the proposed system, the SNN can provide the RL with information about the input and the output, and the RL 
can use this information to adjust its policies and decision-making processes. The SNN can also learn from the actions of the RL and use this information to optimize its own 
processing.

For example, the SNN can provide the RL with information about the input, such as the state of the environment, and the RL can use this information to determine the best action to 
take. On the other hand, the RL can provide the SNN with feedback about its outputs, and the SNN can use this information to adjust its internal connections and weights. In this way, 
the SNN and the RL can work together to achieve a common goal.


for commit in `git rev-list --all`; do
    git log -n 1 --pretty=%ad $commit
    git archive $commit | tar -x -O | wc -w
done